Update containers description (#337)
CDCgov/phdi: containers/record-linkage/description.md

## Getting Started with the DIBBs Record Linkage Service

### Introduction
The DIBBs record linkage service offers a REST API for linking new health care messages to existing records if a connection exists.

### Running the Record Linkage Service

The record linkage service can be run using Docker (or any other OCI container runtime e.g., Podman), or directly from the Python source code.

#### Running with Docker (Recommended)

To run the record linkage service with Docker follow these steps.
1. Confirm that you have Docker installed by running `docker -v`. If you do not see a response similar to what is shown below, follow [these instructions](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) to install Docker.
```
❯ docker -v
Docker version 20.10.21, build baeda1f
``` 
2. Download a copy of the Docker image from the DIBBs repository by running `docker pull ghcr.io/cdcgov/phdi/record-linkage:main`.
3. Run the service with ` docker run -p 8080:8080 record-linkage:main`.

> Congratulations, the FHIR Converter should now be running on `localhost:8080`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations, the record linkage service should now be running on `localhost:8080`!
```
